Fix autogen gossip name mismatch (#1196)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

BUG FIXES:
* Helm
  * Update client-daemonset to include ca-cert volumeMount only when tls is enabled. [[GH-1194](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1194)]

>   * Update create-federation-secret-job to look up the automatically generated gossip encryption key by the right name when the release name is set. [[GH-1196](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1196)]

Author: Gotcha, I'll fix it. 
```suggestion
  * Update create-federation-secret-job to look up the automatically generated gossip encryption key by the right name when global.name is unset or set to something other than consul. [[GH-1196](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1196)]
```
